Update ProjectStructureAndRoles.md - Changes and contributions to CAMARA (#60)
camaraproject/Governance: ProjectStructureAndRoles.md

Each Sub Project is documented in a separate repository.

> Each Sub Project must have a README.MD file (with a description of the Sub Project), a CODEOWNERS and a MAINTAINERS.MD file. A Sub Project should have at least one Maintainer. Ideally a SubProject is managed by two or more Maintainers, depending on the size and scope of the Sub Project. Here, the responsibilities must be clearly agreed upon between all of the Maintainers. This includes coordinating who is responsible for which issues and pull requests. The Contributors to a Sub Project are recorded by the mechanisms of GitHub in the Sub Project’s repository. Each Contributor, Codeowner and Maintainer should also be listed in the [PARTICIPANTS.MD](./PARTICIPANTS.MD) file in the root directory. Each Sub Project should have a license file, a GOVERNANCE.MD file (pointing to the Governance repository) and subdirectories /documentation/API_documentation, /documentation/Meeting_Minutes, /documentation/Supporting_Documents, /code/API_code and /code/API_definitions. Writing permission to a Sub Project only codeowners should have.

Reviewer: SubProject -> Sub Project

Reviewer: 'Each Contributor, Codeowner and Maintainer should also be listed in the [PARTICIPANTS.MD](./PARTICIPANTS.MD) file in the root directory' -> `Each Contributor, Codeowner and Maintainer should also be listed in the [PARTICIPANTS.MD](./PARTICIPANTS.MD) file in the CAMARA project root directory`
 
 (otherwise it may be intepreted as a PARTICIPANTS.MD in the Sub Project root)

Author: OK, both changes are included

Some Sub Projects may have distinct (although sometimes overlapping) sets of Contributors, Codeowners and Maintainers.

> As document standard only Markdown format shall be used. Only exception are supporting documents, for these other formats like PDF or PPT are allowed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As document standard for documents in the main branch of Sub Projects only Markdown format shall be used. Only exception are supporting documents, for these other formats like PDF or PPT are allowed (Note: Documents which are meant as base for discussion or to explain change requests are best attached to an issue).
```

**Changes and contributions to CAMARA**

In the Project the “Fork and pull model” is used. Changes and contributions to CAMARA shall follow this process:

1 All changes / contributions shall start with an issue to which initial documents, API definitions or code can be attached. The issue should be discussed in the community before to work out the best form of action. By means of the issue the traceability of the contributions to CAMARA is also ensured. In addition as general rule there shall be no (later) pull request without an issue (except minor corrections, to be label as “minor”).

2 Either the issue creator or one of the Sub Project Maintainers then shall assign the issue to one of the Contributors of the Sub Project.

3 This Contributor shall create a fork (if necessary), shall create a new branch, and shall copy the branch link into the issue. For the naming of the branch a clear and concrete description shall be used.

> Now he can work on the solution and add commits to the branch. If he’s done with the work the Contributor shall create a pull request, copy the pull request link into the issue and vice versa and add the commits to the pull request. For the naming of the pull request a clear and concrete description shall be used.

Reviewer: he -> they

Author: OK, will change it

> 4 The Contributor now shall invite other Sub Project Contributors to review the pull request. He shall invite at least 2 Maintainers from different companies and all Codeowners of the Sub Project. Only the initial Contributor should edit a pull request in review (he is responsible to react on comments) or allow other Contributors explicitly to commit into the pull request.

Reviewer: he->they

Author: Here I would keep the "he"

5 The pull request shall be approved by all Contributors included in the review. For conflicting cases rules will be defined later. A two days cool off period after the approval shall be kept.

> 6 Finally one of the Codeowners of the Sub Project shall merge the pull request into the main branch. By that he closes the pull request. He also shall close the branch and the issue (if not already automatically done).

Author: Here I would keep the "he"

As mentioned before the contributions to the Sub Projects were documented in the respective GitHub repositories of the Sub Projects, and the contributions to Working Groups were documented in the GitHub repository “WorkingGroups”. All contributions beyond that, esp. contributions to the Project itself or the the Steering Committee are documented in the GitHub repository “Governance”.

**Changes and contributions to CAMARA**

In the Project the “Fork and pull model” is used. Changes and contributions to CAMARA shall follow this process:
![PR_Approval_Process](/documentation/ressources/PR_Approval_Process.png)

> 1 All changes / contributions shall start with an issue to which initial documents, API definitions or code can be attached. The issue should be discussed in the community before to work out the best form of action. By means of the issue the traceability of the contributions to CAMARA is also ensured. In addition as general rule there shall be no (later) pull request without an issue (except minor corrections, to be label as “minor”).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1 All changes / contributions shall start with an issue to which initial documents, API definitions or code can be attached. The issue should be discussed in the Sub Project community before to work out the best form of action. By means of the issue the traceability of the contributions to CAMARA is also ensured. In addition as general rule there shall be no (later) pull request without a reference to an issue (except minor corrections, to be label as “minor”).
```

2 Either the issue creator or one of the Sub Project Maintainers then shall assign the issue to one of the Contributors of the Sub Project.

3 This Contributor shall create a fork (if necessary), shall create a new branch, and shall copy the branch link into the issue. For the naming of the branch a clear and concrete description shall be used.

> Now he can work on the solution and add commits to the branch. If he’s done with the work the Contributor shall create a pull request, copy the pull request link into the issue and vice versa and add the commits to the pull request. For the naming of the pull request a clear and concrete description shall be used.

Reviewer 2: It's enough to refer the addressed issue(s) in the pull request description. The link from issue to pull request is then done automatically by github:

```suggestion
Now they can work on the solution and add commits to the branch. If they are done with the work the Contributor shall create a pull request, refer the addressed issue(s) in the pull request description and add the commits to the pull request. For the naming of the pull request a clear and concrete description shall be used.
```

> 4 The Contributor now shall invite other Sub Project Contributors to review the pull request. He shall invite at least 2 Maintainers from different companies and all Codeowners of the Sub Project. Only the initial Contributor should edit a pull request in review (he is responsible to react on comments) or allow other Contributors explicitly to commit into the pull request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4 The Contributor now shall invite other Sub Project Contributors to review the pull request. They shall invite at least 2 Maintainers from different companies and all Codeowners of the Sub Project. Only the initial Contributor should edit a pull request in review (they is responsible to react on comments) or allow other Contributors explicitly to commit into the pull request.
```

Author: Here I would keep the "he"

5 The pull request shall be approved by all Contributors included in the review. For conflicting cases rules will be defined later. A two days cool off period after the approval shall be kept.

> 6 Finally one of the Codeowners of the Sub Project shall merge the pull request into the main branch. By that he closes the pull request. He also shall close the branch and the issue (if not already automatically done).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6 Finally one of the Codeowners of the Sub Project shall merge the pull request into the main branch. By that they closes the pull request. They also shall close the branch and the issue (if not already automatically done).
```

Author: Here I would keep the "he"

> 6 Finally one of the Codeowners of the Sub Project shall merge the pull request into the main branch. By that he closes the pull request. He also shall close the branch and the issue (if not already automatically done).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6 Finally one of the Codeowners of the Sub Project shall merge the pull request into the main branch. By that they close the pull request. They also shall close the branch and the issue (if not already automatically done).
```

Author: Here I would keep the "he"
